Updated README.md with Docker Compose instructions (#63)
Starefossen/docker-github-pages: README.md

  -p "4000:4000" starefossen/github-pages
```

## Docker compose

If you want to use Docker Compose instead, you can move a lot of the options into a `docker-compose.yml` at the root of your project:

```
version: '3'
services:
  jekyll:
    image: starefossen/github-pages
    environment:
      - "JEKYLL_GITHUB_TOKEN:${JEKYLL_GITHUB_TOKEN}"
    ports:

>       - "4000"

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be "4000:4000"? With "4000" it is not working for me.

Author: I could've sworn it did work for me (I tested this numerous times), but now it doesn't.

Author: ```suggestion
      - "4000:4000"
```

    volumes:
      - ./:/usr/src/app
    tty: true
```

> Then start the container with `docker-compose run --rm --service-ports jekyll`.

Reviewer: This can be simplified to `docker-compose up`.

Author: You're right. I think the "--service-ports" flag and my config above had something to do with eachother, but now I can't get them to work anymore. Maybe a different version of the docker engine?

Author: ```suggestion
Then start the container with `docker-compose up`.
```
